# ngrok Terms Of Service

Last updated: 9/20/2016

## Agreement

These Terms of Service (the "Terms") cover your use of the services ngrok
provides, including the ngrok.com website (the "Site"), the ngrok API, the
ngrok tunneling service, the ngrok client software, and any other software or
services offered by ngrok in connection with any of the above services (the
"ngrok Services" or the "Services"). "ngrok" means the owner and operator of
the ngrok Services which distributes the ngrok software and services.

You must agree to the Terms in order to use the Services. Your use of the
ngrok Services means your acceptance of and agreement to the Terms. ngrok will
treat your use of any portion of the Services as acceptance of, and agreement
to, the Terms from that point on.

ngrok may make changes to the Terms from time to time. We will provide notice
on the dashboard of the ngrok service if the Terms change in any substantive
way. We will provide at least seven (7) days' notice before the changes take
effect, during which period of time you may reject the changes by terminating
your account.

We may terminate or suspend access to the Services immediately, without prior
notice or liability (other than refunding pre-paid fees to the extent we
terminate based on no action or omission on your part), for any reason
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, if you breach any of the Terms. All
provisions of the Terms which, by their nature, should survive termination
shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership
provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnifications and limitations of
liability.

## Use of Services

You may not use the Services if you are a person barred from receiving the
Services under the laws of the United States or other countries, including the
country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services. The
ngrok Services are not directed to children under the age of 14.

## Registration and Your ngrok Account

Some ngrok Services are available only if you register and create an account
with ngrok. If you create an ngrok account, you must provide full and accurate
information for such registration and account; you are responsible for
maintaining the security of your account, your passwords and authtokens; and
you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and
any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must immediately
notify ngrok of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of
security. ngrok will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including
any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. The
personal information you provide to ngrok for the purpose of creating and
maintaining your account is governed by the [ngrok Privacy Policy](/privacy).

## Responsibility and Conduct

You are solely responsible for the actions of all users of your account and
any data that is created, stored, displayed by, or transmitted through your
account while using ngrok. You will not engage in any activity that interferes
with or disrupts the Services or networks connected to ngrok.

## Copyright and Limited License

Unless otherwise indicated in the Site, the Site and all content and other
materials on the Site and accessible through the Service, including, without
limitation, all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data,
software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof
(collectively, the "Site Materials") are the proprietary property of ngrok or
its licensors and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. You
are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Site
and the ngrok Site Materials solely in connection with the Services. Such
license is subject to this Agreement and does not include: (a) any resale or
commercial use of the Site or the Site Materials therein; (b) the
distribution, public performance or public display of any Site Materials
except in connection with your authorized use of the Site and the Services;
(c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Site and/or the
Site Materials, or any portion thereof; (d) use of any data mining, robots,
page scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) reverse
engineering or attempting to reverse-engineer any functionality provided on
the Site or Site Materials or (f) any use of the Site or the Site Materials
other than for its intended purpose

## Trademarks

NGROK, and any other product or service name or slogan contained in the Site
are trademarks of ngrok and its suppliers or licensors (unless otherwise
indicated), and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part,
without the prior written permission of ngrok or the applicable trademark
holder. In addition, the look and feel of the Site, including all page
headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark,
trademark and/or trade dress of ngrok and may not be copied, imitated or used,
in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. Reference to any
products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark,
manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement,
sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.

## Third Party Content

ngrok may use data provided by third parties in the content on the Site and in
the Services and may provide links to web pages and content of third parties
(collectively the "Third Party Content") as a service to those interested in
this information. ngrok does not monitor or have any control over any Third
Party Content or third party web sites. ngrok does not represent or warrant
the accuracy of any information contained therein and undertakes no
responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content. Users use these
links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk. When you
leave the Site, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer
govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy
and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Site.
To the extent you are allowed to post Third Party content on the Site, you
agree to abide by all terms of service and/or end-user license agreements of
said Third Parties, and you further warrant that you have the right to post
the Third Party content on the site and you indemnify and will hold ngrok
harmless for any damages resulting from posting said Third Party content on
the site.

## Acceptable Use.

You agree that any of the below activities are considered prohibited usage and
will result in immediate account suspension or cancellation without a refund
and the possibility that ngrok will impose fees; and/or pursue civil remedies
without providing advance notice.

The ngrok Services may only be used for lawful purposes. Transmission,
distribution, or storage of any information, data or material in violation of
United States or state regulation or law, or by the common law, is prohibited.
This includes, but is not limited to, material protected by copyright,
trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights. The Services
may not be used to facilitate infringement of these laws in any way.

## Copyright Policy

ngrok respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requests that
users of the ngrok website and Service do the same. All content, including
copyrightable works, trademarks, service marks, and patentable inventions, on
the ngrok website are the property of ngrok or ngrok licensors unless
explicitly stated otherwise. No right, title, or interest to the content is
granted by your use of the Site, other than a right to review the content
using a conventional Internet browser (i.e., ordinary web browsing). Any other
uses, including making copies of any content, are strictly prohibited.

If you believe that your work has been copied on the ngrok Site in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, please provide ngrok's Copyright Agent
with a “Notification of Alleged Infringement.” Details and requirements for a
Notification of Alleged Infringement are available at the U.S. Copyright
Office Website at http://www.copyright.gov. It is ngrok's policy to respond to
clear Notifications of Alleged Infringement.

The address for ngrok's registered Copyright Agent is: copyright@ngrok.com

## Fees and Payment

Some Services are provided on a fee basis. You agree to pay ngrok the fees for
each Service you purchase or use in accordance with the pricing and payment
terms presented to you for such Service. You hereby authorize to charge your
credit card on a monthly, annual, or other agreed upon basis, as set forth in
the pricing and payment terms presented to you for such Service, in advance of
providing the Services. The Services may be interrupted on accounts that reach
5 days past due. Fees paid by you are non-refundable, except as provided in
these Terms or when required by law. Accounts that are not collectable by
ngrok may be turned over to an outside collection agency for collection. You
may cancel your use of the Services at any time as noted on our dashboard. You
will receive a pro rata credit of any pre-paid fees.

Subject to the Terms, certain ngrok Services are provided to you without
charge, up to certain specified limits. Usage over these limits requires your
purchase of additional resources or services.

You acknowledge that ngrok may prospectively change the specified rates and
charges from time to time.

ngrok is not responsible for any additional bank fees, interest charges,
finance charges, over draft charges, or other fees resulting from charges
billed by ngrok. Currency exchange settlements will be based on agreements
between you and the provider of your credit card.

## EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR
SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE."

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS, SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT NGROK's WARRANTY OR LIABILITY
FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

NGROK MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED
WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, NGROK DOES NOT REPRESENT OR
WARRANT TO YOU THAT: (A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
(B) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE
FROM ERROR.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NGROK SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER
ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL
OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS
OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR
BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS.

TO THE EXTENT THAT OUR LIABILITY MAY NOT BE SO LIMITED, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
NGROK'S LIABILITY UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY MAY NOT IN ANY EVENT EXCEED AN AMOUNT
EQUIVALENT TO THE CHARGES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR SERVICES DURING THE SIX
MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT
SHALL NGROK BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

THE LIMITATIONS ON NGROK'S LIABILITY TO YOU IN SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT
NGROK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY
SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

## General Representation and Warranty

You represent and warrant that your use of the ngrok website and Services will
be in strict accordance with the ngok.com Privacy Policy, with this Agreement
and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any
local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental
area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all
applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the
United States or the country in which you reside).

## INDEMNIFICATION

YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, HOLD HARMLESS AND INDEMNIFY NGROK, AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES,
AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, ADVERTISERS, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS OR
PARTNERS FROM AND AGAINST ANY THIRD PARTY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY
RELATED TO (A) YOUR BREACH OF THE TERMS, (B) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, (C)
YOUR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SERVICES, OR (D) CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE OVER YOUR TUNNELS, INCLUDING ANY
LIABILITY OR EXPENSE ARISING FROM ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND
CONSEQUENTIAL), SUITS, JUDGMENTS, LITIGATION COSTS AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, OF
EVERY KIND AND NATURE. IN SUCH A CASE, NGROK WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH WRITTEN
NOTICE OF SUCH CLAIM, SUIT OR ACTION.

## Notice

You agree that ngrok may provide you with notices, including those regarding
changes to the Terms, by email, regular mail, or postings on the ngrok
website.

## Entire Agreement

The Terms (including any policies, guidelines or amendments that may be
presented to you from time to time) constitute the entire agreement between
you and ngrok and govern your use of the ngrok Services, superseding any prior
agreements between you and ngrok for the use of the ngrok Services.

## Waiver and Severability of Terms

The failure of ngrok to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the
Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any
provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give
effect to the party's intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other
provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.

## Statute of Limitations

You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or
cause of action arising out of or related to use of the ngrok Services or the
Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action
arises or be forever barred.

* * *

(C) [inconshreveable](https://inconshreveable.com) 2020

