# End-user license agreement (EULA)

Last updated Sep 14, 2021

 **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

1\. LICENSE GRANT

2\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP

3\. TERMINATION

4\. GOVERNING LAW

5\. CONTACT US

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and
Rambox.

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our Rambox Pro software
("Software") directly from Rambox or indirectly through a Rambox authorized
reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation
process and using the Rambox Pro software. It provides a license to use the
Rambox Pro software and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the Rambox Pro software, this EULA agreement
will also govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing and/or using the
Rambox Pro software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software and
agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other
legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and
its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority
or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do
not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Rambox herewith
regardless of whether other software is referred to or described herein. The
terms also apply to any Rambox updates, supplements, Internet-based services,
and support services for the Software, unless other terms accompany those items
on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

**1\. LICENSE GRANT**

Rambox hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to
use the Rambox Pro software on your devices in accordance with the terms of this
EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the Rambox Pro software (for example a PC, laptop,
mobile or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your
device meets the minimum requirements of the Rambox Pro software.

You are not permitted to:

  * Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things 
  * Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose
  * Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party
  * Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law
  * Use the Software for any purpose that Rambox considers is a breach of this EULA agreement 

**2\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP**

Rambox shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally
downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The
Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever
nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall
remain the property of Rambox.

Rambox reserves the right to grant licences to use the Software to third
parties.

 **3\. TERMINATION**

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and
shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written
notice to Rambox.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this
EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA
agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of
the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will
survive any termination of this EULA agreement.

**4\. GOVERNING LAW**

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of Argentina.

**5\. CONTACT US**

In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Apps or to receive further
information regarding use of the Apps, please contact us by e-mail to
[](mailto:support@rambox.app).

